README.md, before:

# tiny_steam

## Module 9 Challenge!

this challenge was a Node.js Challenge, which tasked us with building a professional README generator! More specifically, we were given a task to create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

## User Story

```md
AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
```

## Video of working app!

## Screenshots of generated app!

Commit message:

Update README.md with video and link to app

README.md, after:

# tiny_steam

## Module 9 Challenge!

this challenge was a Node.js Challenge, which tasked us with building a professional README generator! More specifically, we were given a task to create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

## User Story

```md
AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
```

## Video of working app!

[Untitled_ Feb 22, 2024 5_53 PM.webm](https://github.com/jacksonjjones/tiny_steam/assets/152823903/c1a3340b-4bdd-4cb0-8fab-98ee71d1abdc)

## Link to video of working app!

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Xt5Vy03eIstpq3VMPLUZ8OZeJrqNemrp/view

## Screenshots of generated app!
